---
layout: contents
title: Discovery and Reflection
---

<body>
We have explored the concept of cache memory and its role in accelerating memory input-output (I/O) in this project. Cache memory is a relatively new concept to all of us, as it is not part of our everyday language, and neither of us have a computer science background. That is why we chose this topic for the project. <br/><br/>
<b>It is surprising that cache memory is not that complicated, and it actually makes our life better without us knowing. </b> In today's rapidly advancing world of technology, we are becoming more dependent on our computers in different life scenarios, and pursuing faster computer performance. It is not without significance to learn about the principle and logic behind. Cache memory makes an invisible, yet significant impact to our daily life. This project allows us to dive into the acceleration of the memory accessing process, and thereby equips us with basic memory retrieval and system performance improvement knowledge. We are now more familiar with our computer systems, and become smarter consumers and computer users. We also hope that our work can provide a concise and comprehensive introduction to cache memory and help facilitate the public education about basic computer knowledge. <br/><br/>
The project also allows us to taste the fun of programming and apply the programming concepts in reality. This is our first time to build a website without the aid of website builder tools. It is not an easy task and we did face a lot of challenges in the beginning. For example, we often got lost and spent hours trying to find out one single wrong code in the javascript part, as some words did not follow the specified format. It turned out that we had made a tiny typo in the body part. We discovered that while there may be many possible ways to write codes to solve the same problem, there are also numerous ways to go wrong. Programming really challenges our patience and carefulness. We are glad that we could make it through together after days of practice, and made a complete and functionable website. This is a truly unforgettable and valuable experience. And we believe that the skills and knowledge we gain in this project can benefit our future careers. <br/><br/>
